Adds blog post regarding documentation (#5291)
unlock-protocol/unlock: unlock-protocol.com/blog/user-facing-documentation.md

---
title: Shipping Documentation
subTitle: Helping people get started with Unlock. 
authorName: Akeem Adeniji
publishDate: Novemeber 15, 2019
description: Helping people get started with Unlock.
---
Documentation is important as it allows thoughts and ideas to scale outside of its original context. 
Being an open source project with hopes that people will find value in our work; we recoginze the amount of impact having compentent documenation can having towards helping other to reach their goals.

As a starting point, we have begun by outlining the quickest way to get started with the project, and some highlevel info about the project's components. 

We have also made a commitment to the following documentation strategy:

> 1. Enduser facing feature require documentation to be considered shippable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. End user facing feature require documentation to be considered shippable. 
```
